okay whoa my knife flew out of my pocket
I meant to do that
knife safety 111 smexy door smexy door
this rowdy t-shirt
and welcome to December's which is
obviously late because you guys are
watching this in January but welcome to
welcome to December's nerd block
unboxing the reason we are extremely
late is because we were on vacation at
Disneyland and we came home to not only
having a bunch of packages on our
doorstep but everybody got sick for the
past week so we have been literally
under the weather and could not get
anything done with that being said it's
time for the nerve block unfortunately
this video is going to be me and my
daughter only for the nerve block and
the nerd block jr. for boys and girls
because everybody in the house is like
on death bed right now we're the only
two ones that don't have you know
sickness we were sick but yeah we're
over it already
we're over alright so as usual I will
hold this open while you go over
everything so here you guys go the nerd
block you can't see what's in there look
you can't look before you can't look
before you book alright so I'm gonna
hold it like this you have to reach up
and something that's exactly what it is
that's a gremlin that's the nice one
though
that's a nice gremlin if you put water
on him this is the one where you put
water on the evil one start spitting out
of his body that one's pretty cool I
tried I tried to finish this movie
economy alright okay to you from shirt
punch oh it's a let's see is gifting you
double shirts in your block this month
you will find a second shirt picked at
random provided by shirt punch calm
there's two shirts in here okay you can
show them that next I thought it said
Oreo City oh no that's not focused its
focusing on your face instead of the
pattern focus focus on the package here
we go there you go okay open it you can
open it yep tear it open and let's see
it what is it
I'm not sure you got some like little
cards let me see the cards while you
show them that stuff oh it's got like
his defense attack his all of his little
characters statistics and stuff get go
ahead and throw it right in front of
this and there's the little Lego guys
you can piece together that's actually
is so awesome Tyler will probably take
that he likes this sort of stuff check
this out alright you have like little
tip you don't you gotta open that up
it's got a little label or a little
thing you can just peel open this is
amazing I made a skull on the back of my
phone I remember them talking about this
I remember them while you're on
packaging that check this out guys do
you guys remember the movie willow
willow left good and val kilmer
this is an actual autographed picture by
Val Kilmer and Willow of the movie
willow check that out oh my gosh
like I remember this movie like it was
yesterday
well this is amazing get out of the cage
okay alright so this is a Tetris
notebook slush diary I would use it for
dairy I would so
there is a bunch of like different
colored papers I guess you could use
them as a dividers but dividers I want
it no I want that okay see L told you
guys look at that signed and delivered
by Val Kilmer and I don't know what his
name is something Rorick Warwick Davis
or Val's signature oh I think we got Val
signature here's the two t-shirts by the
way t-shirts I'm so fascinated with this
no you guys show them the t-shirts we
got Val Kilmer's signature we could have
got Warwick Davis or Val Kilmer we got
Val Kilmer signature which is that guy
right there
Oh awesome
there's t-shirt loose in city in case
you guys don't know Sin City that's
Bruce Willis himself right there because
it's extra large that's for fat people
like me see look at it likes it like it
here's to me see Sin City what is that
one annual butterbeer up whoa oh wait
hogs meat village huh oh this is the
Harry Potter stuff isn't it you look at
it yeah yeah it's the Hogwarts Harry
Potter sure I'm sure it even says right
on the tag here too oh maybe not
that is a really cool shirt that that is
really really cool guys Wow
sweet what are you looking for yeah that
is it for December's nerd block here's
all the really cool stuff you guys can
get and as usual if you guys want to get
your own nerve block links are always in
the description down below
you guys can click it now January's is
coming very very soon sorry
I'm late for December's better late than
never I always say hope you guys enjoyed
this unboxing of nerve block
see you next time